How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It could help programmers detect bug or possible one by camparing with the introduced bug also. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It could allow me to restore previous source code, for example, if a new version one have new bugs. Besides, I can restore old version code when old version users ask me fix their program.    

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Choosing when to create a commit:
	Pros) You can crate a commit at the optimal timing. Then, there is no unnecessary history, so it is clear to read and manage your version control.
	Cons) You can misjudge the timing of making commits. The efficency of version control is up to a programmer's capability.
    Saving versions automatically:
    	Pros) You do not need to care about saving time and can track almost every change history.
	Cons) There are too many unnecessary versions, and you could have trouble with finding out what you want.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    The formers deal with a project which is consisted of related files or having dependencies each other. However, the laters treat targets which have a tendency to be independent each other.   

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    $git log
    $git diff first_ID second_ID

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It is possible to revert to the valid old version by using version control, so I do not have to be timid when changing the source codes. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to download an open source and try to extend it on my own.
